README.md, before:

# pyOPERA
Full python implementation of the NIH OPERA suite of models  
docker run -it --rm pyopera_pyopera /bin/bash  
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml build  

```
poetry run python -m pip install -r requirements.txt  
poetry run black .  
poetry run isort .  
poetry run pylint $(find . -name "*.py" | xargs)  
poetry run pytest tests  
poetry run coverage run -m pytest tests  

docker run --rm pyopera_pyopera /bin/bash -c 'poetry run coverage run -m pytest tests'  
```

~~TODO: Create a python package around the Matlab package (the base files) using Poetry~~  
TODO: Create CI/CD for package in TestPypi and the prod Pypi (CircleCI maybe?)  
~~TODO: Auto semantic versioning with poetry too~~  
TIDO: Documentation using Sphinx (make sure original repo/builders are credited)  
TODO: Start adding the wrapper code and files  
TODO: Benchmarking with airspeed velocity  
~~TODO: Formatting/Linting/Coverage~~
~~TODO: Choose between Pytest an Unittest~~ 
TODO: Don't repeat the library name in the DOckerfile  
TODO: Automate black, isort, pylint, coverage, pytest on build or push.

Commit message:

Fixed local Docker memory issue

README.md, after:

# pyOPERA
Full python implementation of the NIH OPERA suite of models  
docker run -it -v %cd%:/app --rm pyopera_pyopera /bin/bash
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml build  
docker run --rm pyopera_pyopera ~/.local/share/pypoetry/venv/bin/poetry run coverage run -m pytest tests

```
poetry run python -m pip install -r requirements.txt  
poetry run black .  
poetry run isort .  
poetry run pylint $(find . -name "*.py" | xargs)  
poetry run pytest tests  
poetry run coverage run -m pytest tests  

docker run --rm pyopera_pyopera /bin/bash -c 'poetry run coverage run -m pytest tests'  
```

~~TODO: Create a python package around the Matlab package (the base files) using Poetry~~  
TODO: Create CI/CD for package in TestPypi and the prod Pypi (CircleCI maybe?)  
~~TODO: Auto semantic versioning with poetry too~~  
TIDO: Documentation using Sphinx (make sure original repo/builders are credited)  
TODO: Start adding the wrapper code and files  
TODO: Benchmarking with airspeed velocity  
~~TODO: Formatting/Linting/Coverage~~
~~TODO: Choose between Pytest an Unittest~~ 
TODO: Don't repeat the library name in the DOckerfile  
TODO: Automate black, isort, pylint, coverage, pytest on build or push.
TODO: Struggling to run commands inside Docker from the host, will run commands from inside container for now
